i made this painting which is a copy of
fangirl's story night what this depicts
is the view from the window of a mental
health facility van gogh was struggling
a lot with his mental health
and one of the times that he admitted
himself he looked out of the window and
painted his interpretation of what he
saw
this has since become one of the most
well recognized paintings of all time
but sadly the incredible story behind it
is just
lost when i was younger i used to try to
imagine what it must have felt like for
him being locked up voluntarily
with no certainty for his future and
completely alone and
yet he managed at the lowest point in
his life
to look out of the window and see beauty
in the world the reason i think this is
the best painting out there is that it
represents insightfulness into one's own
condition
it represents the desire of someone to
improve and get better
and it also represents the ability to
see beauty in everything it also reminds
me that masterpieces can be born in the
hardest times
for that reason this painting has come
with me to every single house that i've
been living in
since and it is one of the most
inspirational pieces of art in my
collection i generally hope that you are
safe happy and well